adele_00_hello                                       albumcover_adele_21
adele_00_rolling_in_the_deep                         albumcover_adele_21
adele_00_set_fire_to_the_rain                        albumcover_adele_21
adele_00_someone_like_you                            albumcover_adele_21
avenged_sevenfold_00_afterlife                       albumcover_a7x
avenged_sevenfold_00_almost_easy                     albumcover_a7x
avenged_sevenfold_00_bat_country                     albumcover_a7x_city_of_evil
avenged_sevenfold_00_buried_alive                    albumcover_a7x_nightmare
avenged_sevenfold_00_dear_god                        albumcover_a7x_dear_god
avenged_sevenfold_00_lost                            albumcover_a7x_nightmare
avenged_sevenfold_00_m05i05a                         albumcover_a7x_city_of_evil
avenged_sevenfold_00_nightmare                       albumcover_a7x_nightmare
avenged_sevenfold_00_save_me                         albumcover_a7x_nightmare
avenged_sevenfold_00_scream                          albumcover_a7x
avenged_sevenfold_00_seize_the_day                   albumcover_a7x_city_of_evil
avenged_sevenfold_00_welcome_to_the_family           albumcover_a7x_welcome_to_the_family
bon_jovi_00_bed_of_roses                             albumcover_bon_jovi_bed_of_roses
bon_jovi_00_it03s_my_life                            albumcover_bon_jovi_its_my_life
bon_jovi_00_livin03_on_a_prayer                      albumcover_bon_jovi_livin_on_a_prayer
justin_bieber_feat_jaden_smith_00_never_say_never    albumcover_justin_bieber_never_say_never
justin_bieber_feat_ludacris_00_baby                  albumcover_justin_bieber_baby
justin_bieber_00_sorry                               albumcover_justin_bieber_sorry
justin_bieber_00_what_do_you_mean04                  albumcover_justin_bieber_what_do_you_mean
michael_jackson_00_billie_jean                       albumcover_michael_jackson_billie_jean
michael_jackson_00_black_or_white                    albumcover_michael_jackson_black_or_white
michael_jackson_00_thriller                          albumcover_michael_jackson_thriller
one99republic_00_all_the_right_moves                 albumcover_onerepublic_waking_up
one99republic_00_apologize                           albumcover_onerepublic
one99republic_00_mercy                               albumcover_onerepublic
one99republic_00_say01all_i_need02                  albumcover_onerepublic
one99republic_00_secrets                             albumcover_onerepublic_waking_up
one99republic_00_stop_and_stare                      albumcover_onerepublic
shawn_mendes_00_stitches                             albumcover_shawn_mendes
taylor_swift_00_blank_space                          albumcover_taylor_swift
taylor_swift_00_shake_it_off                         albumcover_taylor_swift
the_beatles_00_come_together                         albumcover_the_beatles
the_beatles_00_hey_jude                              albumcover_the_beatles
the_beatles_00_let_it_be                             albumcover_the_beatles
the_beatles_00_yellow_submarine                      albumcover_the_beatles
the_beatles_00_yesterday                             albumcover_the_beatles
